GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo
GetBattleInfo, MoveForward, GetBattleInfo
GetBattleInfo, RotateRight45, GetBattleInfo
GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo
GetBattleInfo (killed), Shoot, GetBattleInfo
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, RotateRight90, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, MoveForward, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, RotateRight45, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, Shoot (ignored), GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, Shoot (ignored), GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, Shoot (ignored), GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, Shoot (ignored), GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, Shoot (ignored), GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, Shoot (ignored), GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, Shoot (ignored), GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, Shoot (ignored), GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, Shoot (ignored), GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, Shoot (ignored), GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, Shoot (ignored), GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, Shoot (ignored), GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, Shoot (ignored), GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, Shoot (ignored), GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, Shoot (ignored), GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, Shoot (ignored), GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, Shoot (ignored), GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, Shoot (ignored), GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
killed, GetBattleInfo, GetBattleInfo, 
Tie, reached max steps=100, player 1 has 1 tanks, player 2 has 1 tanks
